How to build a generator-to-file pipeline (#137)
ConduitIO/conduit-site: docs/how-to/build-generator-to-log-pipeline.mdx

```bash
mkdir pipelines && touch pipelines/generator-to-log.yaml
```
The directory layout should be as below:

```console
~/conduit-playground
├── conduit
└── pipelines
    └── generator-to-log.yaml
```

## Step 3: The pipeline's basics

Next, write the following to `generator-to-log.yaml`:

```yaml
version: "2.2"
pipelines:
  - id: pipeline1
    # Tells Conduit to run the pipeline automatically
    status: running
    name: pipeline1
    description: A generator-to-log pipeline
```

## Step 4: Add the generator source

Now we can start adding connectors to the pipeline. add a source connector under `connectors` in the configuration file:

```yaml
    connectors:
      - id: source1
        type: source
        plugin: builtin:generator
        settings:
          format.type: structured
          format.options.id: int
          format.options.name: string
          rate: "2s"
```

The fields `id`, `type`, `plugin` and `settings` are found in every connector.
Every connector has its own set of configuration parameters. The generator's
configuration can be
found [here](https://github.com/ConduitIO/conduit-connector-generator?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration).

> The configuration below instructs the generator to produce 1 record with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration above instructs the generator to produce 1 record every 2 seconds with a
```

Author: Good catch! I fixed that literally a minute ago.:D

to a directory of your choice. In this guide, the directory will be
`~/conduit-playground`.

## Step 2: Create a pipeline configuration file

Pipelines can be created through YAML configuration files, that are, by default,
put into a directory called `pipelines`.

With the following command, we'll create the `pipelines` directory and a file
that will contain our pipeline's configuration:

```bash
mkdir pipelines && touch pipelines/generator-to-log.yaml
```
The directory layout should be as below:

```console
~/conduit-playground
├── conduit
└── pipelines
    └── generator-to-log.yaml
```

## Step 3: The pipeline's basics

Next, write the following to `generator-to-log.yaml`:

```yaml
version: "2.2"
pipelines:
  - id: pipeline1
    # Tells Conduit to run the pipeline automatically
    status: running
    name: pipeline1
    description: A generator-to-log pipeline
```

## Step 4: Add the generator source

Now we can start adding connectors to the pipeline. add a source connector under `connectors` in the configuration file:

```yaml
version: "2.2"
pipelines:
  - id: pipeline1
    status: running
    name: pipeline1

>     description: A generator-to-file pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: A generator-to-log pipeline
```

structured payload. The payload will contain two fields: `id` (an integer) and
`name` (a string).

## Step 5: Add the logging destination

The last piece in the configuration is the destination connector:

```yaml
- id: destination1
  type: destination
  plugin: builtin:log
```

We're fine with the log connector's
default [configuration](https://github.com/ConduitIO/conduit-connector-log?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration),
so we're leaving out the `settings` field.

## Step 6: Run the pipeline

To summarize the steps from above, we have the following directory structure:

```console
~/conduit-playground
├── conduit
└── pipelines
    └── generator-to-log.yaml
```

The file `generator-to-log.yaml` has the following content:

```yaml
version: "2.2"
pipelines:
    - id: pipeline1
      status: running
      name: pipeline1
      description: A generator-to-log pipeline
      connectors:
        - id: source1
          type: source
          plugin: builtin:generator
          settings:
            format.type: structured
            format.options.id: int
            format.options.name: string
            recordCount: "1"
        - id: destination1
          type: destination

>           plugin: builtin:log

Reviewer: Again, indentation here has 2 spaces too many 😕

Reviewer: I was so bold to push the commit with the formatting changes, to expedite this.
